update readme formatting (#32)
nim-works/nimskull: readme.md

</details>

<details>
<summary class="blue">What are you going to do now?</summary>
For the moment, please see our [projects board](https://github.com/nim-works/nimskull/projects) and [direction](#direction) for more information. We envisage great things; however, all great things come with time, and we have a large foundation that was never properly solidified.
</details>

<details>
<summary class="blue">Will this break my Nim code?</summary>
Maybe. Many experienced users will know that a lot of current code 'works' because of various hacks, or create hacks themselves to make code work. See <a href="https://github.com/nim-works/nimskull/issues/8">#8</a> and the <a href="https://github.com/nim-works/nimskull#direction">direction</a> for more on this.
</details>

<details>
<summary class="blue">Will you plan to merge Nim upstream changes?</summary>
Generally? No. There will likely be exceptions to this. Our current focus remains on solidifying the foundations before moving forward.
</details>

<details>
<summary class="blue">Can I help somehow?</summary>

> Presently we're very interested in people contributing than to growing our community; so if you would like to contribute, a good start is to help haxscramper with the language spec tests

Reviewer: > a good start is to help haxscramper with the language spec tests 

Don't redirect to me, redirect to #10 for to-do, or #28 for examples on how this should be done.

> Presently we're very interested in people contributing than to growing our community; so if you would like to contribute, a good start is to help haxscramper with the language spec tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Presently we're very interested in people contributing than to growing our community; so if you would like to contribute, a good start is to help the [language spec as tests effort which is being led be @haxscramper](https://github.com/nim-works/nimskull/issues/10). If you're willing to drive deeper into the compiler then see the [nkError refactor to make the compiler approachable](https://github.com/nim-works/nimskull/projects) project.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm on my phone so going to shy away from hitting commit as I can't really ensure the formatting and everything checkout.

So @shayanhabibi can you haz a look and accept if acceptable or adjust as you'd like?
